Feat/build section (#332)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/build/tools/powergate.md

> - Easily configure, connect, and deploy Powergate, [Lotus](https://lotu.sh), and [IPFS](https://ipfs.io) together.
> - Much more!

> **_Powergate is the recommended solution for developers who want an easier interface and better performance from Filecoin, but who prefer to manage their own nodes._** For most developers, we recommend using an [FPS](./filecoin-backed-pinning). For very low-level or advanced developers, you can integrate [lotus](https://lotu.sh) directly into your application.

Author: ```suggestion
**_Powergate is the recommended solution for developers who want an easier interface and better performance from Filecoin, but who prefer to manage their own nodes._** For most developers, we recommend using an [FBP](./filecoin-backed-pinning.md). For very low-level or advanced developers, you can integrate [lotus](https://lotu.sh) directly into your application.
```

> **_Powergate is the recommended solution for developers who want an easier interface and better performance from Filecoin, but who prefer to manage their own nodes._** For most developers, we recommend using an [FBP](./filecoin-backed-pinning.md). For very low-level or advanced developers, you can integrate [lotus](https://lotu.sh) directly into your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_Powergate is the recommended solution for developers who want an easier interface and better performance from Filecoin, but who prefer to manage their own nodes._** For most developers, we recommend using an [FPS](./filecoin-backed-pinning-services.md). For very low-level or advanced developers, you can integrate [lotus](https://lotu.sh) directly into your application.
```
